ColdBox HTML Helper - Enhanced Edition
=======

## Introduction

The Enhanced HTML Helper is a CFC that abstracts the creation of any HTML entity. It provides consistent and secure rendering of HTML.

There is no special setup needed to use it in a ColdBox application, it's already baked in. Just reference the object by the `html` prefix and call the desired function:

```html
// CFML
#html.button(name = "searchView", value = "View")#

// HTML Output
<button name="searchView" id="searchView" type="button">View<button>
```
By specifying the `name` of the element and not the `id`, both attributes are output using the same value. You can specify a different value for the `id` attribute by explicitly defining it.

```html
// CFML w/ differnet name and id
#html.button(name = "searchView", id="id_searchView" value = "View")#

// HTML Output
<button name="searchView" id="id_searchView" type="button">View<button>
```

## Why should I use the HTML Helper?

It's easy enough to write out an HTML Button, so why abstract it? 

Let's generate a button whose value is defined by user input. (Remember that ColdBox automatically converts all `URL` and `FORM` variables to `rc` scoped variables.)

```html
<button name="searchView" id="searchView" type="button">#rc.userButtonValue#</button>
```
Simple enough, right? Well, no. We forgot something. Since the value of `rc.userButtonValue` is from user input, we need to encode it against [Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-site_Scripting_(XSS)) as we output its value.

```html
<button name="searchView" id="searchView" type="button">#encodeForHTML(rc.userButtonValue)#</button>```

Now, it's part of your company's Coding Standards to XSS encode any user submitted data when it is output (isn't it?). Every developer needs to add the proper, contextual encoding functions regardless of their deadline. That's not a problem, right?

Guess what? All HTML generated by the Enhanced HTML Helper is already properly encoded against XSS attacks.

```html
#html.button(name = "searchView", value = rc.userButtonValue)#
```

##But wait, there's more!

In addition to rendering simple HTML, a couple of more complex UI Widgets are included. It's very easy to add your own. An associated JavaScript library and CSS file are included to support these widgets.